src/blogs/how-animate-presence-works.mdx, before:

---
title: How `motion` keeps your animations alive however it should be removed from the DOM?
description: In this blog we will learn how to keep the DOM alive until the animations are done.
---

If you are a frontend developer, you probably know that `motion` is a library that helps you to 
animate your components. But the most interesting thing in this library is that your animations are
not removed from the DOM until the animation is done. Take an example:

```jsx
import { motion, AnimatePresence } from "motion/react";
import { useState } from "react";

const Box = motion.custom(function Box({ show }) {
  const [visible, setVisible] = useState(true);

  return (
    <AnimatePresence>
      {visible && (
        <motion.div
          initial={{ opacity: 0, x: -30 }}
          animate={{ opacity: 1, x: 0 }}
          exit={{ opacity: 0, x: 30 }}
        >⚾</motion.div>
      )}
    </AnimatePresence>
  );
});
```

<Ball />

You will notice that the `button` is not shifted up until the animation is finished

Commit message:

new jump with transformers and styles

src/blogs/how-animate-presence-works.mdx, after:

---
title: How `motion` keeps your animations alive however it should be removed from the DOM?
description: In this blog we will learn how to keep the DOM alive until the animations are done.
---

If you are a frontend developer, you probably know that `motion` is a library that helps you  
animating your components. The interesting thing in this library is that the elements that have animations are
not removed from the DOM until the animations are done. The problem here is that 
this library takes about `116.5k (gzipped: 37.5k)`, which is a lot. So if you will only use simple 
motions with AniamtePresence, you can use it without `motion`. 

In this blog, we're going to make a simple animation with (`motion`, and `AnimatePresence`)
and rebuild it with native Javascript

```jsx {2,4}
import { motion, AnimatePresence } from "motion/react";
import { useState } from "react";

const Box = motion.custom(function Box({ show }) {
  const [visible, setVisible] = useState(true);

  return (
    <AnimatePresence>
      {visible && (
        <motion.div
          initial={{ opacity: 0, x: -30 }}
          animate={{ opacity: 1, x: 0 }}
          exit={{ opacity: 0, x: 30 }}
        >⚾</motion.div>
      )}
    </AnimatePresence>
  );
});
```

<Ball />

You will notice that the `Show/Hide Button` is not shifted up until the animation is finished
